README: Add Communication section with Forum information (#176)
ansible-collections/community.libvirt: README.md

This collection is shipped with the `ansible` package.

## Communication

* Join the Ansible forum:

>   * [Get Help](https://forum.ansible.com/c/help/6): get help or help others.
>   * [Posts tagged with 'your tag'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/YOUR_TAG): subscribe to participate in collection-related conversations.
>   * [Refer to your forum group here if exists](https://forum.ansible.com/g/): by joining the team you will automatically get subscribed to the posts tagged with [your group forum tag here](https://forum.ansible.com/tags).

Author: ```suggestion
  * [Get Help](https://forum.ansible.com/c/help/6): get help or help others. Please add appropriate tags if you start new discussions, for example the `libvirt` tag.
  * [Posts tagged with 'libvirt'](https://forum.ansible.com/tag/libvirt): subscribe to participate in related conversations.
```
